[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/technical-guides/test-scenario-server-architecture.md

   - A Visual Studio 2008 project on **VSTS_TestController** is executed. The project loads an instance of the BizUnit class, loads the specified BizUnit XML configuration file, and begins executing the steps defined in the BizUnit configuration file.

     > [!NOTE]

>      >  For more information about the XML configuration file used by BizUnit, see [Defining Tests Using an XML Configuration File](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=143432).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > For more information about the XML configuration file used by BizUnit, see [Defining Testing Using an XML Configuration File](/biztalk/technical-guides/defining-testing-using-an-xml-configuration-file).
```

   - The orchestration is bound to a two way solicit-response send port which invokes the downstream calculator service.

   > [!NOTE]

>    >  The downstream calculator service is based upon [Windows Communication Foundation samples](/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-3.5/ms751450(v=vs.90)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >  The downstream calculator service is based on [Windows Communication Foundation samples](/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-3.5/ms751450(v=vs.90)).
```
